---
layout: post
title: Jobs
---

### Open Post-Doctoral Associate Position:

The Sun lab is seeking a highly-motivated postdoc with a passion to innovate and discover in cancer data science. Our lab studies the dynamics of cancer by quantifying and modeling intratumor heterogeneity (ITH) from high-throughput sequencing data. We design computational algorithms to facilitate the translation of tumor heterogeneity into its evolvability. The potential research directions are listed below:
```css
{Methods} for quantifying and visualizing intratumor heterogeneity
from NGS data;
{Computational and Mathematical modeling} of the spatial/temporal
tumor (epi)genetic heterogeneity, in consideration of tumor
microenvironments;
{Copy number evolution} in association with clonal dynamics.
```

The person who holds this position will receive hands-on mentoring of analytic and programming skills in advanced cancer genomics/bioinformatics and tailored training for career development. While the successful candidate is expected to get involved in the aforementioned research topics, his/her own research interests will be encouraged and promoted under the general scope of the lab. For more information on the position, applicants may directly email Ruping Sun (`ruping at umn dot edu`) with your CV.

> Qualifications: 
* A doctoral degree in bioinformatics, genetics, computer science, biostatistics, biomedical engineering, applied mathematics, biophysics, or other appropriate areas; 
* Script language programming skills;
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Experience in cancer genetics, genomics and/or mathematical modeling (preferred). 
* A record of publication and/or conference presentations. 


### Other Positions:

We welcome students and interns. Join us if
* you have good programming skills and want to step into the Cancer Genomics and Bioinformatics field to make an impact.
* you are trained in biostatistics, mathematics or biophysics and want to expand the potential of your work in the context of Cancer Genomics and Evolution.
* you are from biology background and like to learn more about bioinformatics in Cancer.
* you want to cross disciplines to increase your scientific skills.

```
Folks interested to work in the group directly email Ruping Sun (`ruping at umn dot edu`).
```
